# DXMJ7O7ITS7K3JFJ

echo "REACT_APP_ALPHA_VANTAGE_API_KEY=DXMJ7O7ITS7K3JFJ" >> .env
npm start

export ALPHA_VANTAGE_API_KEY=DXMJ7O7ITS7K3JFJ
export ALPHA_VANTAGE_API_KEY=A3FBA954ZEFSYEZJ


In the current implementation, AWS Lambda and Application Load Balancer (ALB) are not explicitly used. 
However, you can integrate them to distribute the load for your genetic algorithm solver across multiple Lambda function invocations. 
Here's how you can achieve this:

Create an AWS Lambda function: Follow the steps I provided in the previous response to create an AWS Lambda function with your genetic algorithm solver. 
Make sure your Lambda handler function accepts necessary input parameters, such as returns, pop_size, num_generations, and risk_free_rate.

Create an Application Load Balancer: Go to the EC2 Management Console in the AWS Management Console, navigate to "Load Balancers" under the "Load Balancing" section, and click "Create Load Balancer." 
Select "Application Load Balancer" and configure the ALB according to your needs. You can use the default VPC and create or use existing subnets. 
Make sure to configure the security group to allow inbound traffic on the required ports, usually port 80 (HTTP) or 443 (HTTPS).

Create a Target Group: While creating your ALB, you will need to create a target group. 
Choose "Lambda function" as the target type and select the Lambda function you created earlier. 
This will allow the ALB to route incoming requests to your Lambda function.

Create a Listener: In the ALB configuration, create a listener to accept incoming HTTP or HTTPS traffic. 
Configure the listener rules to forward the traffic to your target group.

Integrate ALB with your application: You can now use the ALB's DNS name or create a custom domain name to point to your ALB. 
Your application can send requests to this ALB endpoint, which will distribute the load across multiple Lambda function invocations. 
The ALB will automatically scale the number of Lambda function invocations based on the incoming traffic, effectively distributing the load.

By integrating AWS Lambda with the Application Load Balancer, 
you can efficiently distribute the load among multiple Lambda function invocations, 
providing better performance and scalability for your genetic algorithm solver.